We were both recruited to a project called Play Our Way, which was a leisure based project
working with kids and we met for the first time to go to Mencap Conference.
It was horrible.
So we hadn't met each other before but neither of us had met anybody else in the team before
and we were just we were putting a car together as our introduction.
How did that feel?
It was like, I don't know.
Were you like, because I know now that that's your worst nightmare but what were you thinking about beforehand?
What did you feel beforehand?
It was this stranger. I had to sit by for like an hour and a half.
It was cool because you made me talk and then you made me relaxed, I think is the right word.
So yeah.
What did you talk about?
Cool. Lots of stuff.
I have no idea.
Just, well, it was more about music and like films and what your general interests,
like what our general interests was.
And the second week of working with Jen, I gave her my graffiti bag.
She dropped some coffee on.
Did I?
Stick the pages in the middle together.
I'm really sorry. I forgot that.
Yeah.